Readme.txt for Adventure Game for final turn in 

Contributers 
Christian Gumacal 
Nina Ly 
Kevin Nguyen   

Description 
This application is going to be a game where the user picks the actions that will continue the story. The purpose of the game is entertainment while testing the user’s reasoning skills, attention to detail, and ability to take clues and use them in ways that will allow them to gain more points. The game will be played out as choices given to the user that will lead them to another set of choices. The game will seem straight-forward at first but if the user only chooses their actions from the first ones seen they will realize that they will not get very far. Many of the choices will also have clues in the panel that would lead them to performing a secret action and continue the game in a way that was not previously available to them. The goal is to make a game that the user will want to continue playing to find all the secret actions and ultimately get all the points on the way to the end goal. This is how our game is going to be interesting and entertaining.

Version 1.0
    First version of the product, features still being implemented but skeleton and all logic is done 
and in the process of implementation 

Version 1.1
    Second version of the game that has complete implementation of game logic and screens. Replaced having multiple
Screens for different parts of the game with 1 main activity. Completed the shared preferences and saving data. Completed the game 
over screen that is different depending on when in the story you died and displaying points. Also added 2 fight sequences to the ending 
of the game depending on the path you decided to follow. The fight sequence uses a random number generator to determin what action your enemy is taking 
and you must react accordingly or else you will take damage. 

Itemized list of Tasks done 
Task                    Contributer responsible         % finished      Time (hours) 
Create Start Menu 	Christian 			100		3
Create Story part 1-3	Christian 			100		8
Psuedo Code logic 	Christian 			100		4
Create layouts part 1	Nina 				100		8		
Create layouts part 2 	Kevin 				100		5
Create layouts part 3	Christian 			100		6
Implement logic part 1 	Nina 				100		10
Implement logic part 2 	Kevin 				100		10
Implement logic part 3 	Christian 			100		10
Create Gameover Screen	Christian 			100		4
Combining parts into 1	Kevin 				100		4			



